README.md, before:

# Assignment Server

The **Assignment Server** project is a server application designed to manage student assignments. It offers various endpoints to handle tasks such as retrieving a list of destinations, fetching assignments, posting preferences, updating preferences, and obtaining a list of students.

## How it Works

The server utilizes a `ServerSocket` to listen for incoming connections. Upon connection, it delegates the task to a thread from a thread pool for handling. It employs an `HttpParser` to parse incoming HTTP requests and a map of routes to handlers to determine how to process the requests.

The assignment of students to destinations is carried out using a `GeneticAlgorithm`, considering their preferences. Additionally, the server validates student preferences to ensure their validity and absence of duplicates.

## How to Run

This project relies on Gradle for both build and dependency management. To run the server, you can utilize the `gradle run` command.

### Steps to Run the Server:

1. Open a terminal in the project root directory.
2. Execute the following command to start the server:

```bash
gradle run
```

The server will commence and listen for incoming connections on the specified port.

In case Gradle isn't installed, you can use the Gradle Wrapper (`gradlew` or `gradlew.bat` for Windows), typically included in the project root. The Gradle Wrapper automatically downloads and installs the appropriate Gradle version and executes it.

### Steps to Run Using the Gradle Wrapper:

1. Open a terminal in the project root directory.
2. If you're on a Unix-based system (like Linux or Mac), make the Gradle Wrapper script executable using the following command:

```bash
chmod +x gradlew
```

3. Execute the following command to start the server:
```bash
./gradlew run
```

If you're on Windows, use `gradlew.bat` instead of `./gradlew`.

The server will initiate and listen for incoming connections on the specified port.

## Endpoints

- **`GET /destinations`**: Returns a list of all destinations.
- **`GET /assignment`**: Returns the assignment.
- **`POST /preferences`**: Creates a new student with the specified preferences.
- **`PUT /preferences`**: Updates the preferences of an existing student.
- **`GET /students`**: Returns a list of all students.

## Dependencies

- **Gson**: Utilized for converting Java objects to JSON and vice versa.

Commit message:

Clean the client and add new functionalities to README

README.md, after:

# Assignment Server

The **Assignment Server** project is a server application designed to manage student assignments. It offers various endpoints to handle tasks such as retrieving a list of destinations, fetching assignments, posting preferences, updating preferences, and obtaining a list of students.

## How it Works

The server utilizes a `ServerSocket` to listen for incoming connections. Upon connection, it delegates the task to a thread from a thread pool for handling. It employs an `HttpParser` to parse incoming HTTP requests and a map of routes to handlers to determine how to process the requests.

The assignment of students to destinations is carried out using a `GeneticAlgorithm`, considering their preferences. 

The server also supports Server-Sent Events (SSE) for real-time updates. Clients can subscribe to the `/assignment-stream` endpoint to receive updates whenever there is a change in the assignments.

## How to Run

This project relies on Gradle for both build and dependency management. To run the server, you can utilize the `gradle run` command.

### Steps to Run the Server:

1. Open a terminal in the project root directory.
2. Execute the following command to start the server:

```bash
gradle run
```

The server will commence and listen for incoming connections on the specified port.

In case Gradle isn't installed, you can use the Gradle Wrapper (`gradlew` or `gradlew.bat` for Windows), typically included in the project root. The Gradle Wrapper automatically downloads and installs the appropriate Gradle version and executes it.

### Steps to Run Using the Gradle Wrapper:

1. Open a terminal in the project root directory.
2. If you're on a Unix-based system (like Linux or Mac), make the Gradle Wrapper script executable using the following command:

```bash
chmod +x gradlew
```

3. Execute the following command to start the server:
```bash
./gradlew run
```

If you're on Windows, use `gradlew.bat` instead of `./gradlew`.

The server will initiate and listen for incoming connections on the specified port.

## Endpoints

- **`GET /destinations`**: This endpoint retrieves a list of all available destinations. It doesn't require any input and returns a JSON array of cities.

- **`POST /preferences`**: This endpoint creates a new student with their preferred cities. It accepts a JSON body with an `email` field and a `preferences` field, which is an array of strings representing the student's preferred cities. If the student is successfully created, it returns a 201 status code with a message indicating the student was created. If the student already exists or there's an error with the input, it returns an appropriate error message and status code.

- **`PUT /preferences`**: This endpoint updates a student's preferred cities. It accepts a JSON body with an `email` field and a `preferences` field, which is an array of strings representing the student's new preferred cities. If the student's preferences are successfully updated, it returns a 200 status code with a message indicating the student was updated. If the student doesn't exist or there's an error with the input, it returns an appropriate error message and status code.

- **`GET /students`**: This endpoint retrieves a list of all students. It doesn't require any input and returns a JSON array of student objects, each with an `email` field and a `preferences` field.

- **`POST /assign`**: This endpoint assigns a student to a destination based on their preferences and the current assignments. It accepts a JSON body with an `email` field and a `preferences` field. If the student doesn't exist or there's an error with the input, it returns an appropriate error message and status code. If the assignment is successful, it returns a JSON object with the new assignment for the student who requested it.

- **`GET /assignments`**: This endpoint retrieves all the assignments. It doesn't require any input and returns a JSON object representing all the assignments. Each key in the object is a student's email and the corresponding value is the city they've been assigned to.

- **`GET /assignment-stream`**: This endpoint subscribes a student to updates on the assignments. It requires a `clientId` query parameter, which should be the email of the student subscribing to the updates. It doesn't return a traditional response. Instead, it keeps the connection open and sends updates in the form of server-sent events whenever there's a change in the assignments. If the `clientId` isn't provided or the student doesn't exist, it returns an appropriate error message and status code.

## Server-Sent Events (SSE)

Server-Sent Events (SSE) is a standard that allows a web server to push updates to the client. Unlike WebSockets, SSE is a one-way communication channel from the server to the client. In this application, SSE is used to push assignment updates to the clients in real-time.

## Running with Docker

You can also run the server using Docker. The Docker image for the server is available on Docker Hub. You can pull the image and run it with the following commands:

```bash
docker pull solodriven/final_project_server
docker run -p 8080:8080 solodriven/final_project_server
```

## Dependencies

- **Gson**: Utilized for converting Java objects to JSON and vice versa.
